Taylor (#2290)
openturns/openturns: python/doc/theory/meta_modeling/taylor_expansion.rst

Linear and Quadratic Taylor Expansions
--------------------------------------

> We denote by :math:`h: \Rset^d \rightarrow \Rset^q` the function to be approximated and :math:`\uy=h(\ux)`.

Author: ok

> We denote by :math:`h: \Rset^d \rightarrow \Rset^q` the function to be approximated and :math:`\uy=h(\ux)`.

Author: yes

> **Linear Taylor expansion**

Author: OK

> **Linear Taylor expansion**

Author: yes

> The linear Taylor expansion of :math:`h` at the point :math:`\ux_0` is the function :math:`\hat{h}: \Rset^d \rightarrow \Rset^q` defined for each marginal function :math:`h_k` of :math:`h`  by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The order 1 Taylor expansion of :math:`h` at the point :math:`\ux_0` is the function :math:`\hat{h}: \Rset^d \rightarrow \Rset^q` defined for each marginal function :math:`h_k` of :math:`h`  by:
```

Author: I moved the text.

> The linear Taylor expansion of :math:`h` at the point :math:`\ux_0` is the function :math:`\hat{h}: \Rset^d \rightarrow \Rset^q` defined for each marginal function :math:`h_k` of :math:`h`  by:

Author: ok

> The linear Taylor expansion of :math:`h` at the point :math:`\ux_0` is the function :math:`\hat{h}: \Rset^d \rightarrow \Rset^q` defined for each marginal function :math:`h_k` of :math:`h`  by:

Author: yes

.. math::

>    \hat{h}_k(\ux) = h_k(\ux_0) + \sum_{i=1}^{d} \left(\frac{\partial h_k}{\partial x_i}\right)(\ux_0)\left(x_i - x_{0,i} \right)

Author: ok

> which can be written as:

Reviewer: for which k?

> which can be written as:

Author: ok

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: ok

.. math::

    \hat{h}(\ux) = h(\ux_0) + \mat{L} (\ux-\ux_0)

> where :math:`\mat{L} = (L_{ij})_{1 \leq i \leq q, 1\leq j \leq d}` is the Jacobian matrix evaluated at :math:`\ux_0`:

Author: ok

.. math::

    L_{ij} = \left(\frac{\partial h_i}{\partial x_i}\right)(\ux_0)

> **Quadratic Taylor expansion**

Author: ok

> **Quadratic Taylor expansion**

Author: yes

> The quadratic Taylor expansion of :math:`h` at the point :math:`\ux_0` is the function :math:`\hat{h}: \Rset^d \rightarrow \Rset^q` defined for each marginal function :math:`h_k` of :math:`h`  by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The order 2 Taylor expansion of :math:`h` at the point :math:`\ux_0` is the function :math:`\hat{h}: \Rset^d \rightarrow \Rset^q` defined for each marginal function :math:`h_k` of :math:`h`  by:
```

Author: ok. I modified the text.

> The quadratic Taylor expansion of :math:`h` at the point :math:`\ux_0` is the function :math:`\hat{h}: \Rset^d \rightarrow \Rset^q` defined for each marginal function :math:`h_k` of :math:`h`  by:

Author: ok

.. math::

>    \hat{h}_k(\ux) = h_k(\ux_0) + \sum_{i=1}^{d}  \left(\frac{\partial h_k}{\partial x_i}\right)(\ux_0)\left(x_i - x_{0,i} \right) +  \frac{1}{2} \sum_{i,j = 1}^d \left( \frac{\partial^2 h_k}{\partial x_i \partial

Author: ok

      x_j}\right)(\ux_0)(x_i-x_{0,i})(x_j-x_{0,j})

which can be written as:

.. math::

>     \hat{h}(\ux) = h(\ux_0) + \mat{L} (\ux-\ux_0) +  \frac{1}{2}  \left\langle \left\langle\mat{Q}, \ux-\ux_0 \right \rangle, \ux-\ux_0 \right \rangle

Author: ok

> where :math:`\mat{Q} = (Q_{ijk})_{1 \leq i,j \leq d, 1\leq k \leq q}` is the Hessian tensor of dimension 3 evaluated at :math:`\ux_0`:

Author: ok

.. math::

>     Q_{ijk} = \left(\frac{\partial^2 h_k}{\partial x_i\partial x_j}\right)(\ux_0)

Author: ok!
